<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang=en>
<head>
<meta charset=utf-8>
<title>Verifiable Credentials Working Group Telco &ndash; 14 January 2026</title>
<meta name=viewport content="width=device-width">
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2018" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/public.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/base.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/public.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/2004/02/minutes-style.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Fancy" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/fancy.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Typewriter" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/tt-member.css">
</head>

<body>
<header>
<p><a href="https://www.w3.org/"><img src="https://www.w3.org/assets/logos/w3c-2025/svg/w3c-white.svg" alt=W3C border=0 height=60 width=60></a></p>

<h1>
Verifiable Credentials Working Group Telco</h1>
<h2>14 January 2026</h2>

<nav id=links>
<a href="https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/21809461-ceae-40a9-9393-b528e4d78c9c/20251210T110000/"><img alt="Agenda." title="Agenda" src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/chronometer.png"></a>
<a href="https://www.w3.org/2026/01/14-vcwg-irc"><img alt="IRC log." title="IRC log" src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/text-plain.png"></a>
</nav>
</header>

<div id=prelims>
<div id=attendees>
<h2>Attendees</h2>
<dl class=intro>
<dt>Present</dt><dd>bigbluehat, brent, denkeni, dlongley, elaine, hsano, ivan, JoeAndrieu, KevinDean, manu, Parth, pdl_asu, phila, phillong, smccown, TallTed, wip</dd>
<dt>Regrets</dt><dd>-</dd>
<dt>Chair</dt><dd>brentz</dd>
<dt>Scribe</dt><dd>dlongley</dd>
</dl>
</div>

<nav id=toc>
<h2>Contents</h2>
<ol>
<li><a href="#8c05">recordings?</a></li>
<li><a href="#f8fc">Possible F2F</a></li>
<li><a href="#cdf9">Charter update</a></li>
<li><a href="#121b">Confidence Method update</a></li>
<li><a href="#29bc">Render Method update</a></li>
</ol>
</nav>
</div>

<main id=meeting class=meeting>
<h2>Meeting minutes</h2>
<p id=1b03 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> A five minute request on meeting records and moving over to the new auto-transcription thing as a part of the new charter -- wanted to get a request out and see what the group felt and then we can move on.</p>
<p id=6ac5 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> Sure, I'm ok with that, take it away.</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=8c05>recordings?</h3>
<p id=5006 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> We have been ... for the spec refinement calls, we've been trialing this new infrastructure that uses Google Meet and recordings and auto-transcription.</p>
<p id=9923 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> We've been using new infrastructure, it also generates HTML minutes for archival at W3C. I think it's been working fairly well, I'd love to hear Ivan if you think it's been ok. We can auto-check in the minutes as well. This is a request to move to that new infrastructure when the new WG starts up.</p>
<p id=62f3 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> Thank you, Brent, for sending out the new process ... and I think this all aligns, and this saves people scribing which can also take people who scribe out of conversations.</p>
<p id=1812 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> I don't feel super strongly about it, if we want to keep scribing in IRC we can, but I wanted to make the suggestion and see if anyone would fiercely object.</p>
<p id=5452 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> No one on the queue, I think it's fine. The only thing the process requires is making an announcement about it before the meeting saying we'll be recording and auto-transcribing -- and if we get objections we'd have to fallback to the traditional manner.</p>
<p id=bee1 class=irc><cite>&lt;denkeni&gt;</cite> related discussion: <a href="https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2026Jan/0021.html">https://<wbr>lists.w3.org/<wbr>Archives/<wbr>Public/<wbr>public-credentials/<wbr>2026Jan/<wbr>0021.html</a></p>
<p id=ffff class=irc><cite>&lt;denkeni&gt;</cite> <a href="https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-vc-wg/2026Jan/0002.html">https://<wbr>lists.w3.org/<wbr>Archives/<wbr>Public/<wbr>public-vc-wg/<wbr>2026Jan/<wbr>0002.html</a></p>
<p id=4987 class=irc><cite>&lt;denkeni&gt;</cite> <a href="https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-vc-wg/2026Jan/0005.html">https://<wbr>lists.w3.org/<wbr>Archives/<wbr>Public/<wbr>public-vc-wg/<wbr>2026Jan/<wbr>0005.html</a></p>
<p id=10000 class="phone s03"><cite>ivan:</cite> I am a bit doubtful about this to be honest. Because the spec refinement meeting is very different. It's an informal meeting. In the case of the WG calls, this is cases where there are disputes this is the reference to review things. This is about management of resolutions, voting of resolutions, etc.</p>
<p id=b534 class="phone s03"><cite>ivan:</cite> The auto-transcription sometimes makes hilarious mistakes.</p>
<p id=474a class="phone s03"><cite>ivan:</cite> I have to review those a little bit before I have to put it on the website, it does mean less work on my side but not zero work.</p>
<p id=f40a class="phone s03"><cite>ivan:</cite> What I see coming out of the meetings, it's questionable, it's just the way things are not the tech ... things in the text say &quot;you know whatever, etc.&quot; informal language noises that go into the minutes unnecessarily.</p>
<p id=c114 class="phone s03"><cite>ivan:</cite> I'm not opposed but not in favor.</p>
<p id=49fb class="phone s04"><cite>phila:</cite> There were two issues about this. The other sentiment I agree with for goodness sake. The scribe is typing away and I can sympathize with that. I wonder if running the output through an AI could take out the &quot;ums&quot;. I've seen some astonishing stuff in just the last week from Gemini. I'm pretty sure tightening up minutes can be done and voice recognition improves all the time.</p>
<p id=054f class="phone s04"><cite>phila:</cite> If someone wants to type or say something in IRC that doesn't get recorded, put it into the zoom chat. Is it possible to pause transcription and then recommence? That would be great, we could tell it to stop recording and then restart it.</p>
<p id=a7d8 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> It's possible to do it in the transcription, it's not possible to do it in the video and audio recording. They haven't gotten there yet, unfortunately. As far as telling it to be more terse ... the mode it's in right now is to write everything down. It can be more terse but it might misunderstand. We can also tell it to read the specs and use those to be better.</p>
<p id=bfa4 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> The general question is &quot;At what point is it good enough?&quot; I would strongly assert that the machine is better than 50% of the scribes we pick.</p>
<p id=2ce0 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> So, Ivan, I'm challenging your assertion ... yes, it does put some bad things in there with acronyms and so on, but the general gist of what's happening is accurate.</p>
<p id=bf0b class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> +1 to what I think Brent is going to say, I'd love to know what needs to be fixed so we can move to something that's easier than what we do now.</p>
<p id=ffd0 class=irc><cite>&lt;pdl_asu&gt;</cite> +1 in that I think the AI can be trained (prompt sequence structuring). to get the terminology much more accurately.</p>
<p id=8bb1 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> I know which 50% I belong in as far as scribing goes. I want to literally read what the process says about meeting minutes. &quot;Groups should take in an retain minutes of their meetings and MUST make any official decisions. Details aren't required as long as the rationale for the decisions are clear&quot;.</p>
<p id=363b class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> As long as we record all decisions and enough of the context prior to the decisions so the rationale is clear then we're clear, we don't need word for word minuting.</p>
<p id=8ff4 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> The summary version of what Gemini can do would be sufficient as long as the decisions carry through.</p>
<p id=7822 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> We're a little over time on that but glad we had the conversation.</p>
<p id=64a7 class="phone s03"><cite>ivan:</cite> I will be more specific on the things I'd like to see.</p>
<p id=c0e9 class="phone s03"><cite>ivan:</cite> One is a proper section of the discussion. In the WG call we have to screen for the 15 different sections/topics that we discuss, the auto minutes gets it wrong.</p>
<p id=0203 class="phone s03"><cite>ivan:</cite> That's a need.</p>
<p id=636b class="phone s03"><cite>ivan:</cite> Second we need very clear references to resolutions that we can refer to with a URL ... this is what I have to do.</p>
<p id=565d class="phone s03"><cite>ivan:</cite> We should have a way to combine it with the tool of Pierre-Antoine that leads to the github issue; I've seen the chair of the meeting sometimes typing into github issues for this and that shouldn't have to happen.</p>
<p id=e3f0 class=irc><cite>&lt;manu&gt;</cite> Yes, on each of those things -- I'll try to figure out how to accomplish each one of those using the AI infrastructure, ivan.</p>
<p id=aa11 class="phone s03"><cite>ivan:</cite> But those things being solved would go a long way for me for this.</p>
<p id=172d class=irc><cite>&lt;denkeni&gt;</cite> Is it possible to have realtime transcription that can be reviewed during the meeting? That's one of the reason scribing helps.</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=f8fc>Possible F2F</h3>
<p id=8750 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> The chairs were discussing the likelihood of the new charter being approved and in place sometime this spring and when it would be best for the group to get together.</p>
<p id=d4cd class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> We are preliminarily looking one of the first couple of weeks of May in Brussels, for a 3-day meeting.</p>
<p id=8bcd class="phone s04"><cite>phila:</cite> I thought it was June, not May.</p>
<p id=23a7 class="phone s04"><cite>phila:</cite> But I think that would be possible.</p>
<p id=2a95 class="phone s04"><cite>phila:</cite> Do we want to talk about venues/hosting?</p>
<p id=8f19 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> Yes, June. Sorry. And Brussels, GS1, is offering to host.</p>
<p id=18e6 class=irc><cite>&lt;pdl_asu&gt;</cite> June is better for the EDU crowd ;-)</p>
<p id=11e1 class="phone s04"><cite>phila:</cite> I got full greenlight on that, so if it would be helpful we can host this group any days in those first two weeks in June. Can't be the third week, first two weeks any 3 days there.</p>
<p id=b0f5 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> Yes, and thank you for correcting it to June.</p>
<p id=9785 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> We'll keep you updated as things progress there and it's very likely to happen given the current state of charter things.</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=cdf9>Charter update</h3>
<p id=f30d class=irc><cite>&lt;ivan&gt;</cite> <a href="https://w3c.github.io/vc-charter-2026/">charter draft</a></p>
<p id=e375 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> As folks are probably aware we have a charter that we're moving through the W3C process to recharter the group to have a broader set of deliverables that we can work on.</p>
<p id=66b0 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> We've gotten good review.</p>
<p id=9700 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> The charters go through a horizontal review process and all of those reviews have come back with &quot;looks good to me&quot; except the privacy review where there was a longer set of requests.</p>
<p id=904c class=irc><cite>&lt;ivan&gt;</cite> <a href="https://github.com/w3c/strategy/issues/536#issuecomment-3730502993">Brent's answer</a></p>
<p id=bd87 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> A number of folks responded to that review, culminating in my response to the review, which was to summarize: thanks for the review but we don't think we need charter text changes in response, but the requests were about liaisons and adhering to proper principles, these things are in the charter already. There was also a request to bring in use cases to the charter and no other charters have done that.</p>
<p id=1b0f class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> I think the boilerplate charter text covers all the concerns and no pushback on that so far.</p>
<p id=9a9e class=irc><cite>&lt;ivan&gt;</cite> <a href="https://github.com/w3c/strategy/issues/536#issuecomment-3703340168">original comment</a></p>
<p id=3266 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> So I don't know that we're in the clear, but I do know that steps are being made to move to the next stage. We've gotten review, we've responded to it, we're in the refinement phase and it will soon go to the AC, is my understanding.</p>
<p id=8d63 class="phone s03"><cite>ivan:</cite> Almost. This is the refinement phase that we're in.</p>
<p id=a821 class="phone s03"><cite>ivan:</cite> The refinement phase goes until Feb 1.</p>
<p id=adf6 class="phone s03"><cite>ivan:</cite> That's how we announced it to the community. I will probably submit a request to the internal group that decides yay or nay for the charter sometime before the first of Feb 1, probably in 10 days ish.</p>
<p id=89a8 class="phone s03"><cite>ivan:</cite> So we can get everything done. We have one missing review, for which we have no reaction so far which is the TAG.</p>
<p id=25ec class="phone s03"><cite>ivan:</cite> If they answer we will see what happens, if they don't answer in 10 days then I will submit.</p>
<p id=0805 class="phone s03"><cite>ivan:</cite> To the internal group saying that the TAG had its timeout.</p>
<p id=1c4e class="phone s03"><cite>ivan:</cite> It would be nice if the TAG reacted somehow.</p>
<p id=e8eb class="phone s03"><cite>ivan:</cite> That's the timing and if everything goes that way then sometime in the first week of February it can go to the AC to see what happens.</p>
<p id=1992 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> Thanks for that additional input, Ivan.</p>
<p id=6a87 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> If there are no other comments then we'll move on.</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=121b>Confidence Method update</h3>
<p id=3cfe class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> We should have just enough time ... I plan to pretty strictly timebox to 15 minutes each, maybe 16 each thing and if one has less time to talk then we'll get more time, we'll start with confidence method.</p>
<p id=8002 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> Confidence method editors, here is your time to share with the group on what issues to look at, if there's anything for this group call, I'm happy to handle queue while this conversation goes on.</p>
<p id=e869 class="phone s05"><cite>JoeAndrieu:</cite> Thanks.</p>
<p id=10001 class="phone s05"><cite>JoeAndrieu:</cite> I was going to queue up Denken, I can fill in the space. We only had one meeting between holidays and Japan. I still have the sense that I have to do a first draft to get to the DIDAuth inclusion and Denken is primarily focused on biometric support. We're trying to flesh out additional content there that's not there yet.</p>
<p id=cc33 class="phone s06"><cite>denkeni:</cite> We are trying to understand with the community wants to include more confidence methods, if there are any strong needs, please tell us or join the conversation. We have been discussing what to put in the evidence field vs. confidence method and we'll continue the discussion during the next call, that's it.</p>
<p id=c77f class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> Thank you. Any issues or PRs that would benefit from the broader group?</p>
<p id=04b9 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> This is regarding an issue I saw Brent comment in ... around adding Passkey support somehow. I just wanted to +1 that and I hope our first draft covers that ... basically being able to include a Passkey as a confidence method in a VC. I don't know what that looks like but sounds good.</p>
<p id=de5a class="phone s07"><cite>dlongley:</cite> +1 to a passkey confidence method</p>
<p id=70af class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> Yes to DIDAuth, yes to biometric stuff, yes to Passkeys ... those seem like good features for 1.0.</p>
<p id=bcee class="phone s03"><cite>ivan:</cite> I think this is one of the documents where reaching out to the accessibility folks would be very beneficial because each of these methods will affect accessibility so we'll want to get that going as early as possible for feedback.</p>
<p id=359c class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> Thank you, Ivan, that's good guidance.</p>
<p id=199a class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> Joe and Denken you are good to reach out to them when you feel it's ready for their feedback.</p>
<p id=b222 class=irc><cite>&lt;Zakim&gt;</cite> JoeAndrieu, you wanted to say we'll need authors who understand passkey</p>
<p id=41ea class="phone s05"><cite>JoeAndrieu:</cite> That's a great suggestion, thank you and I agree sooner is better than later. I agree Passkeys would be good and we need an author who understands that. We need to start with a limited set (feedback from TPAC) and then get a first draft.</p>
<p id=515a class="phone s05"><cite>JoeAndrieu:</cite> Denken has a use case and he wants to drive biometrics, but it's a PR accepted world and I'm worried about the resources on that.</p>
<p id=c2cc class=irc><cite>&lt;manu&gt;</cite> agree with Joe completely.</p>
<p id=88b4 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> I am taking as an action item to interface with those at my company who know this area better than I do.</p>
<p id=508f class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> It was an idle comment and I keep hearing Passkey everyday now and I was wondering if or how it would fit, I'm not sure if it fits, but there may be a way. We would need to be able to define the role and fit the FIDO2 protocols into this and I'd be on the hook for raising those PRs and adding that text.</p>
<p id=7502 class=irc><cite>&lt;JoeAndrieu&gt;</cite> +1</p>
<p id=2588 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> It's good to hear that other folks would support it and the action is on me.</p>
<p id=737f class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> That's the queue, we still have a little more time if there's anything else to discuss on confidence method.</p>
<p id=f4e2 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> I heard Joe.. you say that you still need a first pass to get some stuff in there. Heard, good. I am also wearing of kicking off horizontal reviews so we can do those sooner than later knowing how long those can take.</p>
<p id=5711 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> Do you or Denken have an idea of when we'd ask for horizontal review.</p>
<p id=54af class=irc><cite>&lt;Zakim&gt;</cite> JoeAndrieu, you wanted to mention coordination about side meetings</p>
<p id=7305 class=irc><cite>&lt;phila&gt;</cite> +1 to manu</p>
<p id=10002 class="phone s05"><cite>JoeAndrieu:</cite> I do want to do it sooner rather than later, but I think we need to get at least the DIDAuth bit written up and Denken's first pass on the biometric method because the specifics of those methods will be where the conversation will be with privacy/security, etc.</p>
<p id=b589 class=irc><cite>&lt;brent&gt;</cite> +1</p>
<p id=00a2 class="phone s05"><cite>JoeAndrieu:</cite> Once we have those things we can release to wider review.</p>
<p id=c639 class="phone s05"><cite>JoeAndrieu:</cite> I also wanted to mention; we had have challenges with side meetings and logistics, meeting/not meeting, some of that was because of the holidays. Can we have a separate channel via something like Signal to figure that out -- it's been a little chaotic.</p>
<p id=5f1d class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> There is an official W3C chat and there's a VCWG channel in the W3C chat to communicate those things if you'd prefer.</p>
<p id=95d0 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> There's an official informal channel that's available to use for these kinds of discussions.</p>
<p id=c3e5 class="phone s05"><cite>JoeAndrieu:</cite> Do you mean in IRC?</p>
<p id=5dd3 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> I mean on Slack.</p>
<p id=2102 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> There's a W3C community slack instance where there's a VCWG channel that is available for us to use.</p>
<p id=461e class="phone s05"><cite>JoeAndrieu:</cite> Great, that is a fine solution and I'll use that in the future.</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=29bc>Render Method update</h3>
<p id=40f7 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> If there's nothing more for confidence method we'll move to render method.</p>
<p id=841f class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> So, render method editors can you give us the status of the group, etc.?</p>
<p id=a651 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> So for Render Method, we had a proposal during this last call to do some unification around the HTML rendering method.</p>
<p id=a155 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> And that was proposed on the call and there seemed to be some general consensus that we should create a PR and Benjamin has created that.</p>
<p id=09c2 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> You talked about unification around the HTML render method and for folks not on the call could you talk about that?</p>
<p id=d6b4 class=irc><cite>&lt;bigbluehat&gt;</cite> PR <a href="https://github.com/w3c/vc-render-method/pull/42">w3c/<wbr>vc-render-method#42</a></p>
<p id=4287 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> When the group adopted the Render Method spec there was SVG rendering, a Mustache render method, several types of rendering with HTML and other ways. Some of the implementation learnings that we've gotten from that were that the path we were on with SVG and PDF were going to be quite a bit of work.</p>
<p id=6352 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> To define a templating language, the functions we could call in there, lots to define. Meanwhile, there was a clear desire of some kind of HTML rendering method -- that you could take the VC data, put it into an HTML page and do some magic and get one or more graphical versions of the VC.</p>
<p id=886a class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> That's where we were. More recently there was a more unified design for an HTML rendering method. It wouldn't have to be the only one, but it would cover most of the use cases covered by SVG/PDF -- and that's what the discussion was about to see what that would look like.</p>
<p id=494c class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> So that's kind of where we are, the PR is raised, we're looking for input and feedback. There is already an implementation (and demo), I think it's pretty nice and works.</p>
<p id=10003 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> Number 1 with this, we can sandbox the entire rendering, we didn't think we could do this before, but we can through the Web platform now and it can't call out and phone home.</p>
<p id=2cf8 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> So we can sandbox from network traffic and reporting back and sniffing and snooping.</p>
<p id=dd6a class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> If we use HTML and JS we've got a great specification for this the Web platform.</p>
<p id=84c6 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> If we do this, then all the templating is up to whomever issues the VC. They can do whatever they want to and we don't have to specify that.</p>
<p id=cf78 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> You have to bundle it in your template, but those are common tools today.</p>
<p id=5655 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> For the HTML render method then -- we wouldn't have to get into debates about the templating language, what the runtime looks like, etc. And because we use HTML you can output to SVG, PDF, etc.</p>
<p id=e3f1 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> You can get the output we were looking for, you can get a scalable vector graphic or PDF and so on.</p>
<p id=2206 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> So we've got a PR and once that's in we plan to deprecate the SVG and mustache stuff and so on and simplify the spec.</p>
<p id=0ab5 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> At that point, we've got 3 different rendering mechanisms in the spec, maybe we can whittle down to just one at that point as well ... or we can keep all three for reasons.</p>
<p id=dd4c class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> I think that's where we are, hopefully in the next couple of weeks I think we'll be ready for horizontal review.</p>
<p id=d45b class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> The other positive thing about this new HTML rendering method is that it has a very solid accessibility and internationalization mechanism there. You can just use the Web platform for those things.</p>
<p id=e09b class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> I think that's the high level, I don't know if I missed anything.</p>
<p id=71e5 class=irc><cite>&lt;phila&gt;</cite> <a href="https://github.com/w3c/vc-render-method/issues/40">w3c/<wbr>vc-render-method#40</a></p>
<p id=2cf6 class="phone s04"><cite>phila:</cite> Just wanted to briefly say -- thanks for the folks working on this. I wanted to tell you about this issue. Sebastian Schmidt raised, he's in the CCG, not this group. We were talking about this on a previous call and this is related to our company's work.</p>
<p id=9a86 class="phone s04"><cite>phila:</cite> He has just opened an issue about the Mustache thing and said this might not be needed anymore and it would be ok to close it if this handles it, Sebastian won't mind.</p>
<p id=6c87 class="phone s03"><cite>ivan:</cite> This is more of a question ... this effectively means that to build a wallet for VCs that uses this, that wallet should internally use WebViews or different engines.</p>
<p id=60fc class="phone s03"><cite>ivan:</cite> This is the direction that we're going?</p>
<p id=5b34 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> It's fair to say that that's the direction we're going. It's restricted in that it's iframe with a sandbox, etc. and that's in general the direction we're going.</p>
<p id=604b class="phone s03"><cite>ivan:</cite> Isn't it a possible a problem that the Web engine ... that WebViews aren't properly standardized and those are slightly different from each other and do we care about it?</p>
<p id=b353 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> I think the current approach is leave that to implementers, we believe can define this very clearly using W3C specs.</p>
<p id=3573 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> The way to think about this is that this isn't just about Wallet vendors. Websites can also render this. Anyone who wants to provide a graphical (or otherwise) depiction of the VC.</p>
<p id=8123 class=irc><cite>&lt;denkeni&gt;</cite> We have WebView Community Group in W3C, and they have some information for it.</p>
<p id=295b class=irc><cite>&lt;denkeni&gt;</cite> <a href="https://caniwebview.com">https://<wbr>caniwebview.com</a></p>
<p id=44d9 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> It would be good to get inputs from wallet implementers but also verifiers, etc. Not limited to wallets. These Web engines are available on every platform that we know that would want to display a VC.</p>
<p id=57c6 class=irc><cite>&lt;ivan&gt;</cite> yes, denkeni , but I am not sure how active they are</p>
<p id=8340 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> If it's on Android or an iPhone it's got access, a website has access, etc.</p>
<p id=9df0 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> We think that the infrastructure is broadly available, interfaces aren't always the same, but good luck getting them to agree on an OS-level interface.</p>
<p id=a649 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> That's it.</p>
<p id=abf7 class=irc><cite>&lt;Zakim&gt;</cite> brent, you wanted to ask about liaising with wallet vendors</p>
<p id=801c class=irc><cite>&lt;denkeni&gt;</cite> They had a meeting in TPAC 2025 Kobe, and very active from that meeting.</p>
<p id=1fd3 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> Thanks, Manu, you partially answered the question I had -- I know that Apple and Google and Microsoft and other folks are meaning to engage with Verifiable Digital Credential-like things and have interest in displays that is consistent across platforms and things like that.</p>
<p id=a84a class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> My question is -- is anyone in contact with people in those orgs about this at all?</p>
<p id=1196 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> I believe we are producing something that we believe will be useful but have we asked them about rendering? We produced our data model and it's amazing and useful and now we're saying &quot;here's how it should show up on the Web&quot; and do we have enough people there?</p>
<p id=bb79 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> The short answer there is &quot;yes, for certain kinds of ecosystems&quot;. We're talking to gov'ts with their own wallets, the education industry, the retail industry and those industries see this as a fine path to go down. Haven't always gotten a clear answer in other places necessarily.</p>
<p id=9ef6 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> The answers we've gotten back sometimes are &quot;Big company wallet is in full control of how we render credentials and if there are other ways to do it we will consider it&quot;. Remember that render method is optional -- and that's up to the displayer to use it or not.</p>
<p id=a778 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> Wallet providers might decide to have its own primary display and then fallback or even not use render method.</p>
<p id=ab83 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> Thank you Manu.</p>
<p id=fa87 class="phone s03"><cite>ivan:</cite> Is it necessary or useful to have something in the coordination section on other groups and referring to this core area of concern or we can forget about it?</p>
<p id=6dc7 class="phone s03"><cite>ivan:</cite> We have a reach out to the FedID WG but it's only on the threat model, etc. Do we want to add something there? Was that the group or some other group?</p>
<p id=7c35 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> I didn't have any particular group in mind. I'm not opposed to adding any particular group to the charter.</p>
<p id=7442 class=irc><cite>&lt;Zakim&gt;</cite> manu, you wanted to say &quot;rather not&quot; to &quot;wallet vendors&quot; or other things that broad review should cover.</p>
<p id=9448 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> We (Digital Bazaar) are working with at least three different industries that will almost certainly ship this HTML renderer to production. If we had concern that we would build something that wouldn't ship, I don't think we need to worry about that.</p>
<p id=e4f4 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> I think one of the challenges with the HTML thing -- and the other rendering thing we've been discussing is a &quot;Card summary rendering mechanism&quot; that could address this belief that you have to lockdown the &quot;allowable credentials&quot; in an ecosystem because if you don't then there's no way to know what to show or present, etc.</p>
<p id=10cc class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> It is a legitimate concern: &quot;How do we show the user what they are getting ready to share?&quot; I don't know if the HTML render method can help there, but I do think we should reach out there. I think that's good and positive and we should do that. Understanding that the specific problem with, for example, DC API sharing, telling people what they will be getting ready to share in a generalized way where the person understands what they are</p>
<p id=7d62 class=summary>sharing is difficult. Especially if a VC has something like a 100 fields in it.</p>
<p id=d347 class="phone s01"><cite>manu:</cite> That's it.</p>
<p id=103f class="phone s04"><cite>phila:</cite> I share concerns there, but that process or idea does occur in other places. Verifiable trade documents and UN transparency protocol -- see Steve Capell on this -- there are some global bodies and accreditation orgs belong -- existing thought processes almost match, &quot;here are the credentials we trust and know&quot; and there's a registry that can be added to and no single org or mega corp should decide what that list is.</p>
<p id=ac80 class="phone s04"><cite>phila:</cite> Edging around this and these discussions ... registries might be able to help deal with this in a more decentralized way.</p>
<p id=92a2 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> We have a few minutes left possibly if we have anything else -- grateful for the updates we got. I think we're done but open for not being done if there's something else for a minute.</p>
<p id=5e95 class="phone s02"><cite>brent:</cite> Thanks, Dave, for scribing, thanks everyone for being here, see you next month, hopefully more clarity on timeline for the charter and can make some more decisions, keep up the good work, thanks all!</p>
</section>
</main>


<address>Minutes manually created (not a transcript), formatted by <a
href="https://w3c.github.io/scribe2/scribedoc.html"
>scribe.perl</a> version 248 (Mon Oct 27 20:04:16 2025 UTC).</address>

</body>
</html>
